<h1>Projects</h1>
- <b>1-D Localization:</b> This is a 1-D Localization Problem. The map is given. User has to input the sensor values (0s and/or 1s). Once the robot figures out where it started, it will display the same. '3' is the starting point and '2' is the ending point. Accuracy of sensors/actuators is not considered in this algorithm (ie., probability of sensor and actuator are considered 1)
- <b>Certificates:</b> This directory contains a few important certificates.
- <b>Electronic Dartboard:</b> This is a project aimed to develop an electronic dartboard which can output the score to a server every time a dart hits a target. The output is displayed on a remote computer.
- <b>Grid Solving Robot:</b> An international level robotics competition held at IIT Bombay. The robot is given specific coordinates on a grid, to which it is supposed to navigate, and display the colour code of the surrounding four squares. The squares may have white colour or no colour, which the robot is supposed to indicate using four on-board LEDs.
- <b>Line Follower using Image Processing</b>
- <b>MATLAB Resultant Mass:</b> A MATLAB program to find the resultant mass for balancing of rotating masses on common axis (planar).
- <b>Morse Code Reader Robot:</b> A national level robotics competition held at NIT-K Suratkal, Karnataka. The Robot is supposed to traverse a line containing several combinations of dots and dashes. A combination of five (dots and/or dashes) represents a number in Morse code. The robot is supposed to traverse the arena and add up all the numbers  represented in Morse code, and in the end, display the sum.
- <b>PID Line Follower:</b> Line follower robot algorithm which uses PID to find the centre of the black line on a white background
- <b>RFID Check-in System:</b> This project uses RFID tags to check-in a user into a database. This project can be applied to any area which requires checking-in at different places under the same Wi-Fi network.
- <b>Supernumerary Robotic Limbs (Final Year Project):</b> Supernumerary Robotic Arms is a pair of low cost multi-purpose Robotic arms with 4 DoFs in each arm. The Robot is extendable in terms of functionality by attaching suitable end-effectors depending on the application. The actuators can be controlled wirelessly using nRF24L01 radio modules. Motion Planning is done using geometrically derived inverse kinematics. Mathematical Model and Simulations have been carried out using MATLAB Simulink and Robotics Toolbox for MATLAB.  This project was funded by the IEEE University Partnership Program ($1500). Mentor: <a href="http://www.mecheng.iisc.ernet.in/~asitava/" target="_blank">Prof. Ashitava Ghosal</a>, IISc.
